Previously on Return.
Should we bury her in an isolated place?
Help!
You are under arrest for murdering and abandoning the body of Ms. Yum.
Ja Hye. I need your help.
I will prove his innocence.
Did you confirm the body was his?
Can you get in touch with Mr. Kim?
Do you really not want to find your son?
(Episode 9)
What were you talking about on the phone?
Here you go.
Who is this?
It's Seo Joon Hee.
Joon Hee is alive.
I have the DNA test result.
The body in the car wreck isn't Seo Joon Hee.
I'm on my way to Daemyung Hospital to see his father.
The weather is nice today.
Where could he be?
Actually,
I'm more curious who sent this with what intention.
Is this the only photo in the camera?
I didn't check.
That photo was the first thing I saw when I opened the box.
I didn't know what to think.
There's a video too.
Sorry?
Hello.
You want to sell this car?
Why? Can't I sell it?
Of course you can, but it's strange since you love that car.
I just want to sell it. It's time I grew up too.
My gosh.
Hello, sir.
Hello.
Get out. We need to talk.
How much would you like for that?
I don't care about the price. Just sell it quickly.
Come on. You won't get a lot of money if you sell it in a hurry.
I'm sure you're not selling it for the money.
I'm sorry. Curiosity got the better of me.
My gosh, I'm becoming nosy as I get older.
I keep slipping out and asking questions.
You're not slipping out.
You're making a fool of yourself.
Differentiate being my friend from stepping out of your place.
You jerk.
I will keep that in mind. I will, sir.
Should I call you a taxi? Would you like a VIP taxi?
Or a black cab?
I'll drive it for a few days.
Sorry? Oh, okay.
- My gosh, seriously? - I'm sorry.
That stupid jerk...
How dare he?
That peanut-sized jerk. I'm going to kill him.
If I win the lottery, I'll buy a gun with a silencer.
And after that, I'm going to kill that jerk, Kim Hak Bum, first.
Did you forget that you're the one who let him walk all over you?
What choice did I have?
30 percent of my sales is from that punk.
Then you can't complain even if he treats you like a dog.
By the way, what did he and his friends do to make things ugly?
What are you talking about?
Do you really not know?
Rachel from the wine bar died.
- What? - Then you probably don't know this.
The suspect of Rachel's murder...
is Kang In Ho.
Not the Kang In Ho of Taeha, right?
You'd pass out if you found out Seo Joon Hee is dead too.
What happened to him?
Seriously. Cut down on drinking and shooting yourself up.
You've been living so diligently in your own world...
that you separated yourself from the everyday world.
Come on. Stop nagging, and just tell me. I need details.
I don't know the details either.
I only know that he fell off a cliff in Gangwon Province.
You know there was a rumor that something was going on...
between Rachel and the four of them.
So rumors say they killed each other over Rachel too.
That's so creepy.
No way.
Hold on.
Then is that why...
that detective visited me the other day?
The director is not in the office at the moment.
You didn't schedule an appointment, right?
I have urgent news for him regarding Seo Joon Hee's death.
Why don't you give him a call?
He left 10 minutes ago for an appointment.
His son's death. Urgent news.
Does he have any business important than what I just mentioned?
Yes.
I was led to think you were with a guest.
The guest hasn't arrived yet.
But what brings you here today?
This is about your son.
Do you have Joon Hee's...
DNA test result?
(DNA test result)
(Mismatch)
I'm sure you understand the result better than me.
So I won't need to explain it to you.
Is this true?
Unless someone intercepted and manipulated it on purpose.
Then where's my son?
I must start looking for Seo Joon Hee now.
Then whose body is the corpse?
A hospital in Gangwon Province...
Please continue.
Excuse me for a moment.
In movies, someone is always eavesdropping behind a door.
So...
what on earth happened?
I cannot discuss it since the case is still under investigation.
I will come back another time.
- Excuse me. - Yes?
The guest with Mr. Seo Chan Jong in Plum Blossom Room...
I can't seem to remember the name all of a sudden.
Are you referring to Mr. Oh Tae Suk?
That's right.
Did Mr. Oh Tae Suk go to the restroom?
Wasn't he in the room?
I didn't see him leave the room.
A hospital in Gangwon Province...
I see.
Did you have a good talk?
You could have stayed.
You didn't have to clear your meal away.
My presence could have made him feel uncomfortable.
You heard what the detective said too, right?
I don't know what's going on.
I know.
Oh Tae Suk. What's your deal?
Have some coffee.
Did you find anything?
The flock of ducks.
Look at the sunset.
Do you see the flock of ducks flying across?
Those are ducks?
Ducks? May I ask what you're talking about?
Over there.
I remember seeing...
a flock of ducks flying up in front of a sunset...
like a group dance before.
Search for sightings of a flock of ducks...
on the day of the video.
Yes, ma'am.
Ms. Geum. Listen to this.
How is Mr. Seo Joon Hee today?
Dr. Kang Sul Jin.
Kang Sul Jin?
It must be a medical doctor, since it's a hospital, right?
We should search for a doctor...
named Kang Sul Jin proximate the duck sightings.
We should.
Then why don't we ask Detective Dokgo for help...
Watch some more first.
(Gangdong Precinct)
Who could it be?
Na Ra. Don't trust anyone.
Let's keep this video to ourselves.
(Gangdong Precinct)
Why did you order so much?
But can you drink with that arm?
It's just alcohol. Look. Look.
I can pick it up with my left hand.
Did you eat? You should eat.
No. No, no. I'm fine.
I'm not hungry.
What was that about Seo Joon Hee?
What else? It's as I said.
- How's your uncle? - Pardon?
Well... He's just...
Darn it.
You said your uncle raised you through high school.
He's like your father. Visit him often.
This is insane.
It isn't much, really.
Are you crying now?
Punk. Why are you so touched? You're making me feel bad.
I can't accept this.
You have to repay your loan starting next year.
Don't act tough.
You like money. Why are you refusing it?
Hey. It's okay.
You can take money if it's from me. It's okay.
Act tough somewhere else.
I don't need it!
Darn it.
What are you doing?
I said I won't take it. Why are you being like this?
Forget it!
Where are you going?
I'm going to the bathroom.
Darn it. The money got all wet.
Hello. We have the best beer in the world.
Hello! Hello. We have the best beer in the world.
- Come on. - I'm not interested.
Take a look, would you?
You hurt your arm.
You shouldn't drink when you're hurt. Goodnight.
Please come when you're better.
- Hello there. - It was at the scene.
It's clean, right?
It was within the remains of the car.
- Isn't it strange? - There was a third party?
I'm merely pointing out that we must think of every possibility.
We have the best beer in the world.
Just for you. Okay. Gosh.
What is it? Beer?
The badge.
That's it.
What is that?
What this is doesn't matter.
Whose this is matters.
Find the owner within 12 hours.
There were hardly any sightings...
of a flock of ducks on the day of the video.
But I posted a request online,
and I got a response.
These are Baikal teals.
Are they similar to the video?
They do look similar.
Where was this taken?
The person hasn't replied yet.
But if you look at the bottom of the photo,
it says, "At the reservoir."
Let's look for Baikal teal habitats...
that are near a reservoir.
It took you exactly 10 hours and 40 minutes.
I sent a photo of the badge to all badge manufacturers,
and I got a response this morning.
It's a large advertisement company in Gangwon-do.
Okay then. Let's go.
Where's your car?
I got one that was modestly priced.
You don't even have money.
It may be a little old,
but it rolls, so don't worry.
You're working so hard, down to your final days.
Thanks for your hard work.
This is the start of our beautiful relationship.
Darn it.
Can we actually leave today?
What's wrong with it?
Don't abuse it. Let's take some time.
Anyway, where did you find that badge?
At the site of Seo Joon Hee's accident.
The killer probably dropped it.
Do you think Yum Mi Jung's killer...
hid Seo Joon Hee?
What an odd question.
- It may be someone else. - Why?
Just... Well... Still...
"Just, well, and still"?
Is that all you learned from those four years with me?
I'm just saying other possibilities...
A man who said he'd clear the prime suspect...
of a murder charge...
was dragged away by an unknown man in front of a police station.
Then four days later,
his unidentifiable body was found at the site of a car accident.
The DNA test says...
that corpse wasn't his.
The bodies were switched.
Why? Because he's alive.
The fact that a witness who knows the secret is alive...
must intimidate the real killer.
He'll try to either kill or hide Seo Joon Hee. Right?
Then he would've killed him.
There's no reason to switch bodies and keep him alive.
What are you trying to say?
I... I'm just saying that I think...
Never mind.
Okay, let's go.
[VIU Ver] E09 Return "The Flock of Ducks"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
- Are you here from Seoul? - Yes.
I looked for it ahead of time since you were coming.
My memory served me right.
- Is this what you're looking for? - Yes.
I looked into it,
and mid-sized hospitals in Gangwon-do...
had an event for children with heart disease.
That's what this badge was made for.
Do you know which hospitals participated?
Inje Hospital. Sincerity Hospital.
Gyeongchun Hospital...
Gyeongchun Hospital.
Gyeongchun Hospital?
How could a body disappear from a hospital morgue?
That's right.
He said a body disappeared from a morgue.
Anyway, did Dong Bae fall into the toilet or something?
- The phone is turned off. - Come on, Dong Bae.
Look at that, Mom.
It's so fast.
Dad, trains are faster than airplanes, right?
I doubt it. I'm sure airplanes are faster than trains.
No. Mom, trains are faster, aren't they?
- No, airplanes are faster, sweetie. - No, trains are faster.
- No, airplanes are. - No, trains are.
No, airplanes are.
Let's talk about Yum Mi Jung a bit more.
I already explained everything about our relationship.
It wasn't anything more than an affair.
She was a high school graduate and a daughter of your chauffeur.
A woman in her 30s without previous incomes...
ran a high-end wine bar.
She even ran her wine bar in the center of Cheongdam-dong...
where the land value is most expensive in Seoul.
I guess the wine bar is still running without the owner.
We have to stay open until the bar is sold.
The store itself costs more than 20,000 dollars.
There's no other way.
Those bottles are expensive too.
1 of them costs more than 30,000 dollars.
Who manages this bar?
I run the bar,
but someone else comes to manage it.
I don't know much.
I only know that he's the one who put in the money for the bar.
(Director Kang In Ho, Taeha Group)
Is that person you, Mr. Kang?
It's not me.
Then does it mean that someone else is sponsoring her? Or...
He just...
He just gives her the money.
So who is he?
Is... Is that really important now?
It's not possible that you've forgotten that you're arrested...
and investigated for the murder of Yum Mi Jung, right?
It's Mr. Oh, the chairman of Sunwoo Group.
He's Tae Suk's father.
(Sunwoo Group)
Where are you?
Home.
What about the car? You took care of it, right?
Yes, I took care of it.
Don't drink or hook up for the time being. Got that?
Are you my mother? How many times are you going to nag me?
Are you sure you're at home now?
Yes, I'm at home. Where else? You told me to lie low for now.
Hang up already. I'm going to the gym.
That too.
Don't go to the gym. Steer clear of crowded places for now.
Okay. I got it.
- What are you doing? Come already. - You moron.
Who is that?
What are you talking about? Darn it.
Hey, I can't hear you well. Yes.
Don't pull that on me.
Be at the penthouse in 20 minutes.
Hey, I can't hear you.
Okay. My gosh, my phone just fell into the water.
It just dropped. Darn it. I can't talk to you anymore.
Stop lying over there. Come clean this up.
I don't think this is the place either.
The flock of ducks is too far away from the building.
I can barely see them on the rooftop.
What about you?
It's about the same where I am too.
I don't see any hospitals where you can see the reservoir.
It's harder than I thought.
I think that online user made a false report just to earn points.
What do you plan to do next?
We should return to Seoul.
Okay.
My gosh. Seriously.
Shoot.
He must have gone mad. I bet that's what it is.
Is he feeling rebellious again or what?
How does he expect me to drive?
You're unbelievable, Dong Bae. Goodness.
You're right. It was Gyeongchun Hospital.
The hospital reported that a corpse went missing.
By the way, what brings...
a detective from Seoul here?
I'm not sure.
Why did a detective from Seoul come all the way here?
Anyway, thank you.
We should take a break too.
Let's forget about everything at least for this very moment...
and rest.
Both of us should.
Are you feeling better now?
You saw me hit rock bottom.
You must have had an easy life...
if you think you hit rock bottom now.
You shouldn't make rash comments. You don't know what it's like.
I'm sorry if I offended you.
It's just what I learned about life.
There's no limit to how low you can fall.
What is Oh Tae Suk like?
He's polite,
and he is respectful even to people below him.
He's a good person.
Why are you laughing like that?
I don't know how I was laughing, but one thing is for sure.
Tomorrow, we must meet with Oh Tae Suk.
- What is it? - Did you sleep here?
- As you can see. - Are you going to Seoul?
No. To Gyeongchun Hospital.
You won't find anything there.
We checked all the CCTVs,
but there was nothing suspicious.
(Gyeongchun Hospital)
I owe you one.
Not at all.
The missing body was a headache for us too.
Please find something.
I'll take a nap out here then.
Excuse me.
- Hello? - Is Dong Bae with you?
No, why?
The higher ups are looking for him.
He turned his phone off and went off the grid.
- What is it? - You didn't know either, did you?
Dong Bae...
must've been caught for taking a bribe.
What are you talking about?
He took money from an illegal gambling house,
and somehow, the higher ups must have found out.
That unlucky punk.
Okay. I'll look for him.
That stupid punk. Seriously.
- Let's look at that again. - Okay.
Just a minute.
Rewind five seconds, please.
Stop.
Do you think Yum Mi Jung's killer...
hid Seo Joon Hee?
(Episode 10 will air shortly.)